---
name: Lia Ran
pronouns: 
role: Undergraduate Learning Assistant
ula_for: CS 90DB / DS 2
photo: CS90DB-S21-Lia-R.jpg
---

Hi everyone !! :) My name is Lia, and I'm currently a third year Statistics/Data Science major and minoring in Applied Mathematics. Additionally, I am a fellow
at UCSB's Data Science fellow program, which is actually how I heard about the ULA program! The fellowship program this year has been awesome, and has introduced
me to a community of super friendly and intelligent individuals. Currently, I am working on a project on developing R package infrastructure, which will serve
the purpose of data science education, similar to the 'iris' dataset. 

I'm really excited to be a Learning Assistant this quarter! This is my first time being one, and I've always loved the tutoring process and being able to guide 
people towards understanding a concept. I love how there can be multiple approaches to solving a problem, and I feel like this can showcase
creativity, and can give insight into how someone thinks. I think being a ULA will be a rewarding experience on both ends, and I'm excited to learn from 
you guys :)

Personally, I have never taken DS2 but I took DS3 last spring and it was my first real 'data science'-driven course. I really like how it integrated data science
aspects more specifically, as many courses in the PSTAT department relate more towards statistics, rather than DS. One thing that really drew me to data science
is how general it is. With a set of basic data wrangling skills and domain expertise, you can dive into any data set you find interesting and draw your own
conclusions. 

In my free time, I really enjoy working out, yoga, and cooking. Also recently I started getting into anime (I just finished AoT and am working through Death Note). 
If you guys have any recs I would love to hear them! I look forward to seeing you guys in office hours. Please drop by for any reason, I would love to get to know
everyone a little better. 

